Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
I'm only friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
Q. What sound does a sleeping T-Rex make? A. A dino-snore.
Q. Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between the pot he uses to make potions and his best friend? A. They're both cauld ron.
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
Want to hear something terrible?Paper.See? I told you it was tear-able.
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea.
My boss yelled at me the other day, "You've got to be the worst train driver in history.
How many trains did you derail last year?"I said, "Can't say for sure, it's so hard to keep track!"
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
Atoms are untrustworthy little critters. They make up everything!
The past, the present, and the future walk into a barIt was tense.
An atom loses an electron it says, "Man, I really gotta keep an ion them."
Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive?  It was a grave mistake.
I had to clean out my spice rack and found everything was too old and had to be thrown out.  What a waste of thyme.
6:30 is the best time on a clock hands down.
I hate how funerals are always at 9 a.m.  I'm not really a mourning person.
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day.  A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Ray's friends claim he's a baseball nut. He says they're way off base.
The public safety officer came up to a large mob of people outside a department store and asked, "What's happening?" A mall officer replied, "These people are waiting to get the new Barbie doll."
The public safety officer shook his head and muttered, "Who can resist a Barbie queue?"
A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller. "What's your kid's name?" asks the bartender. "Tiny," says the lizard. "Because he's my newt."
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where all the fruit is?
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.
Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
My girlfriend asked me to pass her the Chapstick and I accidentally passed her the Glue Stick! She still hasn't talked to me!
"Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible"  "Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
What's the difference of deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nut are under a buck.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
Just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? HIGH-Definition.
What did E.T.'s mother say to him when he got home? "Where on Earth have you been?!"
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking out of the box.
For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts.
I ordered 2000 lbs. of chinese soup. It was Won Ton.
Dr.'s are saying not to worry about the bird flu because it's tweetable.
eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Where is the bar tender?"
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?   It's okay. He woke up.
Oxygen is proven to be a toxic gas. Anyone who inhales oxygen will normally dies within 80 years.
Heard about the drug addict fisherman who accidentally caught a duck? Now he's hooked on the quack.
Did you hear they banned fans from doing "The Wave" at all sports events? Too many blondes were drowning.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey... but thankfully, I turned myself around.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, "No, wait! I can change."
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed.
My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him "oh yeah we'll see about that!"
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I always wanted to marry an Archeologist. The older I would get, the more interested she would become!
Why do the French eat snails? They don't like fast food.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes...
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Did you hear about the 2 silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie!
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
A mexican magician was doing a magic trick. He said, Uno, Dose, and he disappeared without a trace
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland. The sign said, "Disneyland Left". So they started crying and went home.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahaha.
I used to build stairs for a living, it's an up and down business.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels!
I hate peer pressure and you should too.
I finally realized my parents favored my twin brother. It hit me when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party.
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... details are sketchy.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
I've decided to sell my Hoover... well, it was just collecting dust.
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
Did you hear about the man who jumped off a bridge in France? He was in Sein.
If a short psychic broke out of jail, then you'd have a small medium at large.
My doctors office has two doctors on call at all times. Is that considered a pair a docs.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
My boss says I intimidate the other employees, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
I recently got a new Korean mechanic but it's hard to understand him - he speaks with a Hyundai Accent!
I've just written a song about tortillas - actually, it's more of a rap.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What is the best thing about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but it doesn't matter none of them work.
R.I.P boiled water. You will be mist.
I put a new freezer next to the refrigerator, now they're just chilling.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I had a job tying sausages together, but I couldn't make ends meet.
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
My computer's got Miley Virus. It has stopped twerking.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch? A: "Beef Jerky!"
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
To the mathematicians who thought of the idea of zero, thanks for nothing!
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
What do you call a cow during an earthquake? A milkshake.
This morning some clown opened the door for me. I thought to myself that's a nice Jester.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
What happened when the semicolon broke grammar laws? It was given two consecutive sentences.
Why couldn't the bike stand up on it's own? It was two tired.
A teacher asks a student, "Are you ignorant or just apathetic?" The kid answers, "I don't know and I don't care."
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
What do you get when you cross a snoman and a vampire? Frost bite.
Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they are really good at it.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
The best time to open a gift is the present.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
Wife: "You're addicted to skin lotion!"   Husband: "Go ahead. Rub it in my face."
Why do soccer players do so well in math? They know how to use their heads!
I used to wonder why Frisbees looked bigger the closer it came... Then it hit me!
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory couldn't park nowhere near the place.
What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up? Someday my prints will come!
What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? Every morning you will rise and shine!
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence!
What did one eye say to the other eye? Between you and me something smells.
Anyone who wanted to sell fish had to get permission from grandpa. He was known as the cod father.
My new girlfriend works at the Zoo. I think she is a keeper.
Why can't fishermen be generous? Because their business makes them sell fish!
What idiot called it a vet instead of a dogtor?
Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball.
What underwear does clouds wear? Thunderwear!
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
People don't get my puns. They think they're funny.
Why did the Easter egg hide? Because he was a little chicken!
How does a snowman get around? He rides an icicle!
I threw an Asian man down a flight of stairs. It was Wong on so many levels.
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
Teacher: "Where was the Constitution of India signed?"   Student: "At the bottom of the page!"
What is the name of an Asian pilot who died in a plane crash? Sum Ting Wong.
The doctor told his patient to stop using a Q-tip, but it went in one ear and out the other.
I'm trying to date a philosophy professor, but she doesn't even know if I exist or not.
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
I tried to catch some fog, I mist.
I tried to escape the Apple store. I couldn't because there were no Windows.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
The artist thought his favourite paint had been stolen, but it was just a pigment of his imagination.
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback.
My girlfriend said, "You act like a detective too much. I want to split up." "Good idea," I replied. "We can cover more ground that way."
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually, it came back to me.
Why did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
Why was the tree excited about the future? It was ready to turn over a new leaf!
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean?   A: Nothing, they just waved.
Why did Martin Luther King Jr. boycott laundry detergent? Because it told him to keep his whites and colors separate.
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
Where does the Easter Bunny go to eat pancakes? To IHOP, of course!
Why did the lion broke up with his girlfriend? Because she was a cheetah!
Hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Nailed it.
Why do women have cleaner minds than men? Because they change theirs more often.
What does a disappointed mama turkey tell her kids? If your father were to see you now, he would be turning over in his gravy!
How can you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony? It's not hard.
Why did the scarecrow win the competition? He was 'outstanding' in his field!
Q: What happens to the man who lost his whole left side of his body?   A: He is all right now.
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack.
There's safety in Numbers, but I prefer Deuteronomy.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds!
A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp. The police are looking into it.
My buddy set me up on a blind date & said, "Heads up, she's expecting a baby." Felt like an idiot sitting in the bar wearing just a diaper.
My landlord says he needs to come talk to me about how high my heating bill is. I told him, "My door is always open".
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Why do Swedish warships have barcodes on them? So when they dock they can Scandinavian.
Why don't oysters share their pearls? Because they're shellfish.
Confucius say, man who runs behind car will get exhausted, but man who runs in front of car will get tired.
What do people wear in a trench? Trench coats.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
Sang the rainbow song in front of a police officer, got arrested for colourful language
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
Why are badminton players so loud? Because they are always making a racket!
What is the best way to communicate with a fish? Drop it a line!
Why was the baseball player a bad sport? He stole third base and then went home!
As a wizard, I enjoy turning objects into a glass. Just wanted to make that clear.
My IQ test results just came in and I'm really relieved. Thank God it's negative.
My grandfather tried to warn them about the Titanic. He screamed and shouted about the iceberg and how the ship was going to sink, but all they did was throw him out of the theater.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you call an academically successful slice of bread? An honor roll.
Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab? The scientists were brainstorming!
How did the chemist who failed the temperature test get? Absolute zero.
What is the hardest thing about being a man? His penis.
Fishermen are reel men.
I'm taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Password looks at itself in the mirror:  "Don't listen to Google. You are a strong, confident password."
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
If anything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
Why can't you play badminton in the jungle? Because there are too many cheetahs.
If the koreans cannot do it, they will tell you that they won do it.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
A garage sale is actually a Garbage sale but the "b" is silent.
Golfer: "I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course."   Caddy: "Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth."
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional.
What did the mother lion say to her cubs before dinner? "Shall we prey!"
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it...
I used to be a boy trapped in a woman's body. But after 9 long months, I was finally born!
Why did St. Patrick drive all the snakes out of Ireland? He couldn't afford plane fare.
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous!
Grandma's been staring through the window ever since it started to snow. If it gets any worse I'll have to let her in.
What's the difference between a Harley and a vacuum cleaner? The position of the dirtbag.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed looked.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? She will Let It Go!
Marriage through the ages creates new reflexive responses, for example it was only the other night the wife panted that she was so very hot, so I turned on the airconditioner.
Where did the baseball keep its lemonade? In the pitcher!
I just found an origami porn channel, but it is paper view only.
Why did the volleyball player cross the road? There are players on the other side.
Where did the spaghetti and the sauce go dancing? The meatball!
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Why doesn't the bike stand by itself? Because it's two tired.
The kid drowned. All his mates showed up at his funeral with life jackets on. Because it's what he would've wanted.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
What did the vegan say? I made a big missed steak.
Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, "What kind of music do you like?"   The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
How do you make a fire with two sticks? Make sure one of them is a match!
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex? Micro trans-action.
A guy goes to a club; the bouncer stops him. "No tie, no entry." He walks back to his car to find a tie. All he found were jumper cables so he puts them around his neck like a tie. He goes back and says "How's this?" The bouncer says "I'll let you in, but don't start anything."
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? "Oh sheet!"
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
Fat Penguin. Excuse me?! I just wanted to say something that breaks the ice...
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges.
Why did the volleyball players go to the library for practice? The coach told them they'll be doing some reading today.
Why are fish never good tennis players? They don't like getting close to the net.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese!
I would make jokes about the sea, but they are too deep.
I wear two pairs of pants when I go golfing. People always ask me why I do. I say, "I wear two pants when's I golf just in case I get a hole-in-one.
What is the best Christmas present ever? A broken drum - you can't beat it!
I was going to be an optometrist, but couldn't see things clearly.
In democracy, it's your vote that counts. In feudalism, it's your count that votes.
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber.
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
Do you know why I make puns? Because it's my respunsibility.
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. We didn't see eye to eye. I also found out she was seeing someone on the side.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Cells multiply by dividing.
Best Summer Vacation Book Never Written: "Where to Stay on Vacation" by Moe Tell.
Today I have met the vegetarian brother of Bruce Lee. Brocco Lee.
Where do sick boats go to get healthy? To the dock!
Fixing broken windows is a pane in the glass.
What's a sexoholic's favorite roller coaster? Iron Rattler.
Chinese takeaway - £27.50. Petrol to get there - £3.25. Getting home then realizing they didn't give you one of the containers - riceless...
What did the farmer say when his hay started blowing away? Hay, come back!
I made a graph of my past relationships. It has an ex axis and a why axis.
I work in a library. Literally, all we do is judge books by their covers.
What do you call your sister if she only has one leg? Eileen.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
Why don't aliens visit our planet? Terrible ratings. One star.
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? Because it might crack up!
Two cheese trucks ran into each other. De brie was everywhere.
I find it very offensive when people get easily offended.
Mom: If a boy touches your boobs say "don't" and if he touches your pussy say "stop"? Girl: But mom, he touched both so I said "don't stop".
A life in politics is full of parties.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
I wonder why there are locks on the doors of Seven-Eleven when it says they are open 24/7.
I was going to share a vegetable joke but it's corny.
What's the best thing to put into a pie? Your teeth!
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
"Hey Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?" "No son, have you seen my glasses?"
What is the most dangerous thing in your freezer? Ice is.
Teacher: "What is the value of Pi?"  Student: "Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99."
Love is like a machine... sometimes you need a good screw to fix it.
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental!
Where do you find a birthday present for a cat? In a cat-alogue!
The worst thing about having a ghost in your house is the douchey ghost hunters.
You can't get on the same page with someone who has a different book.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker?
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments. If only I had known about her history of violins.
Happy birthday, Bono. I wanted to get you the perfect present, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I'm trying to finish writing a script for a porno movie, but there are just too many holes in the plot.
Zebras are just horses that escaped from prison.
Why was tiger looking inside the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
I lost my paper towels, I think I need a bounty hunter.
The last time I was inside a woman was when I went to the Statue of Liberty.
Where do frogs deposit their money? In a river bank.
"Your finest Scotch, please."   "Yes, sir," the guy at Staples says as he hands me a 12 year old roll of tape.
Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
What did one squirrel say to the other? Come around the tree and I'll show you my nuts.
What do you get when you mix a cheetah and a hamburger? Fastfood!
If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. They're normally around 90 degrees.
How did Ben Franklin feel about discovering electricity? He was shocked!
I screamed at my neighbor, "What on earth are you doing on our roof!"   He screamed back, "I saw you at the bar, and you said the drinks were on the house!"
I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass. I guess I've hit Rock Bottom.
I cooked Pancakes this morning. I was thrilled but my kids weren't. Apparently, he was their favorite rabbit.
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Why should you wary of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
How did the soggy Easter Bunny dry himself? With a hare dryer!
What do ghosts read? Booooks!
I got fired from Yankee candle factory because I refused to work wick ends!
I'm no weatherman but I know you're going to get 3 inches tonight.
3 men are stranded in a boat with 4 cigarettes and no way to light them. So they toss the 4th cigarette overboard, which makes the whole boat a cigarette lighter.
What do you call a gay scientist? A homo-geneous.
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
Did you hear about the guy who choked on a pretzel? He was very salty.
I took a viagra the other day. It got caught in my throat and all I ended up with was a stiff neck.
If a dog was a computer, would its bark be bigger than its byte?
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts.
Why is a doctor always calm? Because it has a lot of patients.
What was the barristas favourite part about being arrested? The mug shots.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
I bought my son a fridge for Christmas. – I can't wait to see his face light up when he opens it.
Should I have another baby after 35? No, 35 children are enough.
Why didn't the skeleton go to prom? Cause he had 'no body' to dance with.
Can February March? No, but April May!
If The Weekend canceled his tour, would it be next Weekend, the Weekend after next or three Weekends from this Saturday?
I need to stop drinking so much milk. It's an udder disgrace.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
Why don't you do arithmetic in the jungle? Because if you add 4 + 4 you get ate!
I watched a really sad porn film the other day - it was a real tear-jerker.
Why is a tennis game a noisy game? Because each player raises a racket.
What did the hurricane say to the palm tree? Better hold onto your nuts because this is no ordinary blowjob.
Stories of untold sufferring never stay that way.
My dad used to say "Always fight fire with fire." Probably explains why he was thrown out of the Fire Service.
A donkey fell into a bowl of sugar. Now that's a sweet ass.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
Q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?   A: In case he got a hole in one.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory today. I hope there's no pop quiz.
Q: what did one lumber jack say to another lumber jack? A: "I need to axe you a question."
What kind of candy is never on time? ChocoLATE!
"Give it to me! Give it to me!" she yelled, "I'm so wet, give it to me now!" She could scream all she wanted to. I was keeping the umbrella.
What fruit do you eat when you are sad? Blueberries.
What do you and your shower have in common? You both get wet when I turn you on.
Friends are like boobs. Some big,some small. Some real, some fake.
Electricity is dangerous. Shocking, ain't it?
Pay no attention to the elephant in the room: it's ir-elephant.
What do you call a mama cat? Tittycat!
How did two oceans or seas become friends? Because they kept waving at each other.
I have only seen people underwhelmed or overwhelmed, never whelmed properly...
What part of your family can you see through? A transparent.
Hi, I'm a geologist - I was wondering if I could explore your natural resources...
I was so sad and crying when I lost my playstation 3 but unfortunately, there was nobody to console me!
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish!
What did the beach say as the tide came in? Long time no sea.
I don't mean to brag but I'm helping a Nigerian Prince with a pretty serious financial matter. I can't really talk about it.
Who earns a living driving their customers away? A taxi driver!
Which of Santa's reindeers needs to mind his manners the most? "Rude"olph
What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't open the door? TRIFORCE!
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
What type of exam does the vampire teacher give his students? A blood test.
If you cross an owl and a rooster, do you get a cock that stays up all night?
Is Japan looking for you? Cause you're on a whale watch.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
My pencil is gone. It's pointless though.
I caught my neighborhood stealing my red food dye... When he was caught red handed he said "I'm gonna dye".
My colleague can no longer attend next weeks Innuendo Seminar so I have to fill her slot instead.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Hand-eye.
Why do people litter? Because they dont take the litter signs litterally.
Q:  Why didn't the skeleton dance at the Halloween party?  A:  It had no body to dance with!
This morning my alarm went off, I thought it's sell-by date was tomorrow.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A: A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
What kind of cookies make you rich? Fortune cookies!
What's the best place to shop for a soccer shirt? New Jersey!
Why did the robot go on summer vacation? He needed to recharge his batteries.
Q: What did the Dorito say to the other Dorito.   A: I can't tell you it was to cheesy.
The word 'possesses', possesses so many s's, that any one can't assess it without knowing 's', I guess !
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Today a fortune cookie told me that every exit is an entrance. Long story short, my girlfriend said no.
I always wanted to marry Mrs. Right, but I didn't know her first name was "Always".
What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't helium then you curium and you barium.
Insects puns bug me.
What do you call a mind reader who can't read minds? A telepathetic.
Why is Kevin Spacey so bad at Hide and Seek? He comes out at the wrong time.
The winner of the costume contest was the invisible man. He was invisible, and his wife wasn't much to look at either.
What sound does a train make when it's eating?... Chew chew... Very Punny right?
What does a cow say to bull? Are you always that horn-ny!
I cropped my kids out of my online dating profile photos. They can find their own dates.
What do bullshitters like most about St. Patricks day? The blarney stone!
Why did the lady wear a helmet every time she ate? She was on a crash diet!
Why is a baseball game a good place to go on a hot day? Because there are lots of fans.
What do you call an Italian beggar? Giovanni change.
When I told my family I wanted to do stand-up comedy all they did was laughing.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
Why did the prawn leave the nightclub? Because he pulled a muscle.
Accidentally fell asleep smoking an e-cigarette and when I woke up my whole house was on the internet.
Party host: Anyone here allergic to nuts? Because I like to rest mine on the table.
Where do sharks go on summer vacation? Finland!
What did the dentist said to the Sabretooth tiger? You have outstanding teeth.
She said I wanna look bomb in the party. I said don't worry, we'll have a blast.
Wanna fork? Not to-knife, but as spoon as I feel better.
Who doesn't eat on Thanksgiving? A turkey because it is always stuffed.
Q:  Why do manly ghosts have so much trouble dating?  A:  Women can see right through them!
What do you call a frog stuck in mud? Unhoppy.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
Where do fish work? The offish.
I hate school and got caught skipping the other day. My principal said, "Walk normal next time, you fruitcake."
I would make a joke about Shrek, but they are too ogre-used.
Why did the girl wear glasses in math class? It improves di-vision.
I wanted to make a joke about criminals, but I was scared it would get stolen.
Why did the farmer only wear one boot to town? He heard there would be a 50% chance of snow!
You can't live, without, your... liver
I'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
I thought I understood the meaning of "When Pigs Fly" but then... the swine flu.
Where does a fish go to borrow money? The loan shark!
What part of a football ground is never the same? The changing rooms.
Did you hear about the female rapper who only battled while she was on her menstrual cycle? They say she had a mean flow.
My hope for you is that you someday find the end of your sentence
Doc says to the patient, "You have the body of a twenty-year-old, but you should return it. You're stretching it completely out of shape."
He said "I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legs and put it in a library."  I thought "That's a turn-up for the books."
What did the pirate say when he found someone? I sea you!
Why are cats, bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
I can't jump over a cow, but you should check out my calves.
When do people start using their trampoline? Spring-Time.
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
What did the pig say at the beach on a hot summer's day? I'm bacon!
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
What is the difference between frustration and satisfaction? "What the Fuck!" and "What a Fuck!"
I used to be a lifeguard, but this blue kid got me fired.
I spy with my little eye nothing because I only have two normal-sized eyes.
Why did the boy throw the butter out the window? To see a butterfly.
I asked my friend for a sharpened pencil, but he didn't have one. I always knew he was a little dull...
I am the ghost of Christmas Future Perfect Subjunctive: I will show you what would have happened were you not to have changed your ways!
How do you make a pool table laugh? You reach into its pockets and tickle its balls.
My honey farmer friend has a thing for big butts. I suppose Booty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
I was raped by a group of mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
Putting your iPod on shuffle around your friends is like playing Russian roulette with their respect for you.
What do bees do with their honey? They cell it.
What do elves learn in school? The Elf-abet!
My wife had her period at a Manchester United game, and all I got was this bloody t-shirt.
Sometimes, when I'm cruising the city in a $200K vehicle, I lean back and think, "If the bus driver doesn't speed up I'll be late for work."
I hated my job at the fireworks factory, I got fired a lot.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm currently trying to get in japanties.
I would tell you a joke about my shoe but I think I shoedn't.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
I once hit a bat with a bat.
I could make jokes about fences, but they are offencive.
What race is never run? A swimming race.
I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.
What are the 2 reasons the girl broke up with her boyfriend? Because he was a cheetah and because he was lion too much to her.
Why does the alcoholic Avon lady walk funny? Because her lips stick.
I was about to crack a joke on boxers; now leave it, I forgot the punchline.
The early bird gets the worm but the late worm gets to live.
Damn girl, are you a smoke detector? Cause you're annoying and won't shut the fuck up.
I went to a party and met apple there. I asked him to buy me a vodka, but Damn! He gave me a fruit punch.
Black magic.... It doesn't work.
What do you call a black baby pig? A niglett.
What do you call a dog on the beach in the Summer? A hot dog!
What is the cheapest meat you can buy? Deer balls. There under a buck.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
A Roman fighter consumed his wife. He said he was glad 'e ate 'er...
Was invited to a birthday party last evening but didn't have a Blast. Hardly any Bombs!
They call me coffee cause I grind so fine.
Why don't women want to get engaged on St Patricks Day? 'Cause they don't want to get a "sham rock".
Why can't ghost have babies? Because they have Halloweenies.
What kind of tan did pilgrims get to the beach? Puritan.
What do you call a bird at a party? A party fowl.
What do you call a owl that does magic tricks? Hoodini.
What is a snowman's least favorite yoga position? Downward-facing dog pee.
What do you call a mountain where people never sleep? Mt Neverest.
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
She wanted to sell me a whole bedroom set, but I just wanted one nightstand.
What is it? "It" is a pronoun.
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
I swear to drunk I'm not God, but seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables.
A rolling stone... somebody pushed it.
I would tell a history joke, but they're too old fashioned.
What's the hardest thing about dating a blind woman? Getting her husband's voice just right.
NASA is sending traditionalist Christians to the red planet... Amish on to Mars.
What dog can't bark? A hot dog.
What would you get if you crossed Christmas with St. Patrick's Day? St. O'Claus!
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
When do monkeys fall from the sky? During Ape-ril showers!
Why did the turkey play drums in his band? Because he already had drumsticks!
Did you hear the story about the giraffe? Forget it its too long.
What did one pencil say to the other pencil? You're looking sharp!
I could make jokes about bears, but they are unbearable.
Are you a Disney princess? Cuz your Cinder-hella-fine.
Frank: "Emilia how many boyfriends do you have?"  Emilia: "You are the only one."  Frank: "I love you."  Emilia: "I love you too."  Frank: "Two? Why then do you say am the only one."
What do you call Dinner and Breakfast? Dickfeast!
I have given up on my stand up comedy routines. Everybody just keeps laughing at me.
What did the jester say to the criminal at the guillotine? "Stay calm, and do not lose your head."
Can't throw the ball, kept on bouncing away: situation is out of hand.
Lately I've been trying to touch my toes, which I don't find so complicated, but my knees just can't get it straight.
USA's been so good at the Olympics, it's trumped the rest!
What happened when an icicle landed on the snowman's head? It knocked him out cold.
Someone says to his friend: "I bought a cat"  And the other: "You have to be kitten me!"
I would tell a swimming joke, but I think it's too watered-down to be funny.
Why can't pigs tell a joke? Because they're such a bore.
What does a hockey player and a magician have in common? Both do hat tricks!
I started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats. Prophets are going through the roof.
What cheese would you use to entice a bear out of the woods? Camembert.  What cheese is made backwards? Edam.  Best cheese to use to disguise a horse? Marscaponie.
Word of the day is Legs. Now go spread the word.
Stephen Hawking has a great sense of humor. He does One-liners, but not a Stand-up comedy.
What did Mister A say to Mister E? It's the popular mystery.
What do you call a dead Magician? A ABRACADAVA.
What do you call a snowman orgy? A snowball fight.
How many lights does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, the light is already in the bulb.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because of the lactose.
Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages? Because there were too many knights.
My friend told me he had a sister. I asked if she was hot and he said she was 8. That wasn't my question.
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
He's so far in the closet, he can see Narnia.
What did one boob say to the other boob? You are my breast friend!
Get stoned. Drink wet cement.
Why did the lady snowman divorce her husband? She found out he was going to a snow blower.
Why do dogs make good sailors? They know their knots.
Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake.
How do teddy bears keep their den cool in summer? They use bear conditioning!
How do you prevent a Summer cold? Catch it in the Winter!
Why didn't the skeleton want to go to school? His heart wasn't in it.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
Why did the librarian get kicked off the plane? Because it was overbooked.
How does broccoli use a cellphone? He cauliflower.
Why did the snowman's daughter become a stripper? Because he was so cold to her.
Why should you not make fun of a crippled person? Because he can't stand the jokes.
My mate broke his left arm and left leg, but he was alright.
What day does an Easter egg hate the most? Fry-days.
I don't believe in myths like the one that states you have a brain.
What's the difference between an Aussie and a Yoghurt? A Yoghurt's got culture!
PewdDePie, I used to be a fan but now I am a air conditioner.
Why did the downhill skier take off all his clothes? Because he wanted to get windblown.
Wife to husband: "I'm pregnant!"   Husband: "You're kidding me!"
At school I graduated second to a lamp, he was too bright for me.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
I drink straight out a of the wine bottle while cooking. I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
The plumber told me a hole boring story about pipes.
I just created a new assembler for the ladies only. It is named "Org-asm".
The Italian boxing team boycotted the Olympics when they heard it was going to be one on one.
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day? Regular rocks are too heavy.
Why did the chink fail his blood test? He didn't study!
What is a runner's favourite subject in school? Jog-raphy!
Relationship between men and women is psychological. She is psycho and he is logical.
Why is Justing Bieber like a shotgun? Give him a cock and he will blow!
My friend stopped by to tell me he had just been diagnosed as Dyslexic. Said he was going home to write it in his dairy.
What do Michelangelo and Kurt Cobain have in common? They both used their brains to paint the ceiling.
What did Spartacus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife? Nothing, he's gladiator.
What did the boy cat say to the girl cat on Valentine's Day? You're purrr-fect for me!
Why do birds fly south in the Fall? Because it's too far to walk.
No checks (Czechs are welcome).
What did the Asian parent say during the DNA test? That's Yu!
Why do people ask me if I'm "hiding", if I was hiding you wouldn't see me!
If I was addicted to masturbation, and then became addicted to sex, would it be safe to say that my addiction got out of hand?
How do you get Pikachu onto the bus? You Pokemon.
You know those people using bibles on their phones? They are using phony bibles.
Why did the summer school teacher wear sunglasses? Because her class was so bright!
English is weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
Why can't blind people eat fish? Because it's sea food.
Oh no! Help! I'm under a tack!
Kyle: "Dude, why is my netflix DVD out in the snow?"   Ben: "Well, I heard the coolest thing on the internet right now is netflix and CHILL!"
What cake makes you feel uncomfortable? Stomachache.
People with diarrhea don't have their shit together.
Why do I always know where to go when I am canoeing? Because I "canoe" it.
Ice-T was diagnosed with Parkinsons. Now he's using the stage name Chocolate Shake.
Isn't it annoying when engineering students call themselves engineers? You don't hear medical students calling themselves doctors or art students calling themselves baristas.
Did you hear about the bonfire? I heard it was lit.
What's the difference between a sidewalk, a drug dealer, and a prostitute? Sidewalks crack doesn't leave an odor!
What's a crocodile's favorite shoe? A Crocs.
My boss touched me inappropriately at work today. It's okay though, I'm self-employed.
I've got a new anorexic girlfriend. It's not going too well though. I'm just seeing less and less of her...
Seminar "How to avoid frauds" is canceled. Tickets are non-refundable.
My girlfriend broke up with me because I stole her wheelchair.  I knew she'd come crawling back to me.
Ever have sex while camping? Take my word when I say it's fucking intents.
Have you ever tried camping sex? No, well its fucking in tents!
I once crashed into a cow pasture. I was in for a beef of trouble.
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
I thought it was my birthday cake but it was just the shed on fire.
I need some band-aids I'm getting cut from all this working out.
What do perverted leprechauns drink on St. Patricks Day? Mount & Do.
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing.
I went to school without my shoes today. I got shoe-spended for a week.
My take home pay won't even get me home.
Why did the chicken cross the Möbius strip? To get to the same side!
There is 1 thing 2 do 3 words 4 you I LOVE YOU.
She asked if I had my shit together yet? I said of course, cause no one wants a man with Diarrhea.
Why did the snowman take his pants off? Because he saw the snowblower coming.
I hope you like beef because we will eat that when we meat.
Did you hear about the 2 gay men that got into a fight in a bar? They were ejected for exchanging blows.
Where do snowmen go to donate their sperm? The snowbank.
What medical condition does a person have if the shoot all the bullets out the mag, then tries to shoot the enemy and forgets he shoot all the bullets. Ammoneisa.
A lorry-load of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins, I thought "That's a turtle disaster".
I hate going on the road, it Drives me crazy.
What summer vacation destination makes a pet bird sing for joy? The Canary Islands!
Why did the female snowman delete Tinder? She was getting too many snow cone pics.
Swallowing your babies is fatal.
Where do cows go on their summer vacation? Moo York.
If my puns are cheesy, then they would go well with crackers.
I've seen a turkey but I've never been to Turkey.
War does not determine who is right – only who is left.
Sperm is white and pee is yellow so a man can tell if he's coming or going.
The girls in my local strip club are so good with computers they do lap top dancing.
Just finished building the deepest well in England. Got the plans wrong way round, started work on the tallest lighthouse.
What's the difference between batman and a black man? Batman can go into a store without robin.
Easy to Easy is not easy.
Did you hear about the monkey with a steak on his head, thought he was a grills?
What's the only drink size they allow in North Korea? A supreme liter.
What do you buy a friend graduating from Law School? A law-botomy.
What do you do when you find out Viagra isn't working for you? You go Cialis!
Other people don't like my queue jumping. Especially when I use my motorcycle.
Sis wanted a cheese, I gave her D camera and told her to say cheese!
Women were born to WOO MEN but why do they WOE MEN?
The other day I stopped to pick buttercups, what buttocks were doing on the floor I don't know.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because KFC was on the other side.
What do women and modern computers have in common? Neither one will accept a 3 and a half inch floppy.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack.
If you wrote essay about chinese food,what would it call? Dogcument.
It's better to have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
Q: Why don't blacks fuck Afghans? A: Because they are going to make you blow.
Just found out an acquaintance is a drug dealer, would never have guessed, seems like a nice, funny guy. He always cracked me up.
Two cows in a field. Which one is on holiday? The one with the week cave.
What is a snowman's favorite sex position? Sled doggy-style.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Brontosoarass.
What do you call a dictionary using meth? Addictionary.
Why did a woman include a bag of meth with her ATM transaction? She thought it would speed up her deposit!
Did you hear about the homosexual electron? Went around blowing fuses.
How can you tell if a novel is about a homosexual? The hero always gets his man in the end.
What do politicians and porn stars have most in common? They're experts at switching positions in front of camera.
Why do we laugh at female presidential candidates? Because they're Hillary-ous!
Your mama got a eye in her ass talking about I see that shit.
I called the Child Abuse Hotline. A kid answered, called me a fat cunt, and told me to fuck off.
What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? They've both swallowed a lot of seamen.
Why did the prostitute retire? She screwed up!
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
How did Jesus get in such good shape? Crossfit.
Did you hear about the guy who got killed and cut into pieces and stuffed into a zipper bag? His lips were sealed.
My girlfriend told me she was going to get pregnant and if wouldn't do it, she was going to the sperm bank! Boy, I gave her a mouth full!
Anal sex does not make one's day it makes one's hole weak
How did they know Princess Diana didn't have dandruff? Because they found her head and shoulders in the glove box.
I couldn't join the KKK if I wanted to, my bloodline isn't pure enough. Turns out my parents weren't even related.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a carpenter? A carpenter can cover up the holes he screws.
I don't mean to be forward girl but do you swallow? Ok Cool. Swallow these 7 balloons of Heroin and get on this flight to Los Angeles
Teacher: "Can anyone name three Kings that brought happiness and peace to earth?"  Student: "Drin-king, smo-king, and fuc-king!"
So Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it.
It's amazing how one letter can change the whole meaning of a word, I once introduced myself as a racist, obviously meaning rapist.
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
Nope. Unintended.
The shovel was a ground breaking invention, but everyone was blow away by the leaf blower.
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans."
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says "Make me one with everything."
Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now.
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene.
The broom swept the nation away.
I did a theatrical performance on puns. It was a play on words.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back for seconds.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize.
Towels can’t tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says “Do you smell fish?”
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in france? There was nothing but des brie.
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy.
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous.
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks.
A cross eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils.
After the accident, the juggler didn’t have the balls to do it.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
I read a book on anti-gravity. I couldn’t put it down.
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me.
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison.
What should you do if you’re cold? Stand in the corner. It’s 90 degrees.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
The energizer bunny went to jail. He was charged with battery.
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter.
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How did Darth Vader know what luke was getting him for his birthday? He could sense his presence.
Why shouldn’t you trust atoms? They make up everything.
What’s the difference between a bench, a fish, and a bucket of glue? You can’t tune a bench but you can tuna fish. I bet you got stuck on the bucket of glue part.
What’s it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales.
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban.
Why didn’t the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah.
Why did the man dig a hole in his neighbor’s backyard and fill it with water? Because he meant well.
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen.
What’s it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks.
What’s america’s favorite soda? Mini soda.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? A lamborghini, but if that breaks down they drive their SuBAHHru.
What do you call a spanish pig? Porque.
What do you call a line of rabbits marching backwards? A receding hairline.
Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak.
A cabbage and celery walk into a bar and the cabbage gets served first because he was a head.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
We must polish the Polish furniture.
He could lead if he would get the lead out.
The farm was used to produce produce.
The dump was so full that it had to refuse more refuse.
The soldier decided to desert in the desert.
This was a good time to present the present.
A bass was painted on the head of the bass drum.
When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.
I did not object to the object.
The insurance was invalid for the invalid.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row.
They were too close to the door to close it.
The buck does funny things when the does are present.
They sent a sewer down to stitch the tear in the sewer line.
To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow.
The wind was too strong to wind the sail.
After a number of injections my jaw got number.
Upon seeing the tear in my clothes I shed a tear.
I had to subject the subject to a series of tests.
How can I intimate this to my most intimate friend?
I read it once and will read it agen
I learned much from this learned treatise.
I was content to note the content of the message.
The Blessed Virgin blessed her. Blessed her richly.
It's a bit wicked to over-trim a short wicked candle.
If he will absent himself we mark him absent.
I incline toward bypassing the incline.